Template: slapd/no_configuration
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Omit OpenLDAP server configuration?
 If you enable this option, no initial configuration or database will be
 created for you.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Voleu ometre la configuració del servidor OpenLDAP?
 Si desactivau aquesta opció, no es generarà la configuració ni la base de dades inicial.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Přeskočit nastavení OpenLDAP serveru?
 Přistoupíte-li na tuto možnost, nevytvoří se databáze ani počáteční nastavení.
Description-da.UTF-8: Undlad opsætning af OpenLDAP-server?
 Hvis du aktiverer denne indstilling, vil der ikke blive oprettet en begyndelsesopsætning eller -database for dig.
Description-de.UTF-8: OpenLDAP-Server-Konfiguration auslassen?
 Falls Sie diese Option aktivieren, wird keine Startkonfiguration oder Datenbank für Sie erstellt.
Description-es.UTF-8: ¿Desea omitir la configuración del servidor OpenLDAP?
 No se creará la configuración ni la base de datos inicial si habilita esta opción.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Ez konfiguratu OpenLDAP zerbitzaria?
 Aukera hau gaitzen baduzu, ez da hasierako konfigurazio edo datu-baserik sortuko.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Ohitetaanko OpenLDAP-palvelimen asetus?
 Jos valitset tämän vaihtoehdon, asetuksia ja tietokantaa ei luoda.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Voulez-vous omettre la configuration d'OpenLDAP ?
 Si vous choisissez cette option, aucune configuration par défaut et aucune base de données ne seront créées.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Omitir a configuración do servidor OpenLDAP?
 Se escolle esta opción non se creará ningunha configuración ou base de datos inicial.
Description-it.UTF-8: Omettere la configurazione del server OpenLDAP?
 Se si accetta, non verranno creati la configurazione iniziale né il database.
Description-ja.UTF-8: OpenLDAP サーバの設定を省略しますか?
 ここで「はい」を選ぶと、初期設定やデータベースは作成されません。
Description-nl.UTF-8: Wilt u het configureren van de OpenLDAP-server overslaan?
 Wanneer u deze optie kiest, worden er geen initiële configuratie en databank voor u aangemaakt.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Omitir a configuração do servidor OpenLDAP?
 Se activar esta opção, não será criada inicialmente uma configuração ou base de dados para si.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Omitir a configuração do servidor OpenLDAP?
 Se você habilitar esta opção, nenhuma configuração inicial ou base de dados será criada para você.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Doriți să omiteți configurarea serverului OpenLDAP?
 Dacă activați această opțiune, nu va fi creată nicio configurație inițială sau bază de date.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Не выполнять настройку сервера OpenLDAP?
 Если вы ответите утвердительно, начальная конфигурация или база данных создаваться не будет.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Vynechať nastavenia servera OpenLDAP?
 Ak zvolíte túto možnosť, nebude vytvorené počiatočné nastavenie ani databáza.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Utelämna konfiguration av OpenLDAP-servern?
 Om du aktiverar det här alternativet kommer ingen initial konfiguration eller databas att skapas åt dig.
Description-tr.UTF-8: OpenLDAP sunucu yapılandırması atlansın mı?
 Bu seçeneği seçmeniz durumunda, sizin için ne bir ön yapılandırma yapılacak ne de bir veritabanı yaratılacaktır.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Bỏ qua bước cấu hình trình phục vụ OpenLDAP?
 Bật tùy chọn này thì không tạo cho bạn cấu hình hay cơ sở dữ liệu đầu tiên.

Template: slapd/dump_database
Type: select
Choices: always, when needed, never
Choices-ca.UTF-8: sempre, quan sigui necessari, mai
Choices-cs.UTF-8: vždy, v případě potřeby, nikdy
Choices-da.UTF-8: altid, når nødvendigt, aldrig
Choices-de.UTF-8: immer, wenn benötigt, nie
Choices-es.UTF-8: siempre, cuando se necesite, nunca
Choices-eu.UTF-8: beti, beharrezkoa denean, inoiz ere ez
Choices-fi.UTF-8: aina, tarvittaessa, ei koskaan
Choices-fr.UTF-8: Toujours, Lorsque nécessaire, Jamais
Choices-gl.UTF-8: sempre, cando se precise, nunca
Choices-it.UTF-8: sempre, quando necessario, mai
Choices-ja.UTF-8: 常に, 必要なときに, 行わない
Choices-nl.UTF-8: altijd, wanneer nodig, nooit
Choices-pt.UTF-8: sempre, quando necessário, nunca
Choices-pt_BR.UTF-8: sempre, quando necessário, nunca
Choices-ro.UTF-8: întotdeauna, când este necesar, niciodată
Choices-ru.UTF-8: всегда, только при необходимости, никогда
Choices-sk.UTF-8: vždy, keď je treba, nikdy
Choices-sv.UTF-8: alltid , vid behov, aldrig
Choices-tr.UTF-8: her zaman, gerektiğinde, hiçbir zaman
Choices-vi.UTF-8: luôn luôn, khi cần thiết, không bao giờ
Default: when needed
Description: Dump databases to file on upgrade:
 Before upgrading to a new version of the OpenLDAP server, the data from
 your LDAP directories can be dumped into plain text files in the
 standard LDAP Data Interchange Format.
 .
 Selecting "always" will cause the databases to be dumped
 unconditionally before an upgrade. Selecting "when needed" will only
 dump the database if the new version is incompatible with the old
 database format and it needs to be reimported. If you select "never",
 no dump will be done.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Bolcar les bases de dades a un fitxer en fer l'actualització:
 Abans d'actualitzar a una nova versió del servidor OpenLDAP, les dades dels seus directoris LDAP poden desar-se a fitxers de text en el format estàndard d'intercanvi de dades LDAP («LDAP Data Interchange Format»).
 .
 Seleccionant «sempre» el bolcat de les bases de dades es farà sense condicions abans de l'actualització. Seleccionant «quan sigui necessari» només es farà el bolcat de les bases de dades si la nova versió és incompatible amb el format anterior de les bases de dades i és necessari re-importar-les. Si seleccionau «mai», no es farà el bolcat.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Při aktualizaci uložit databáze do souboru:
 Před aktualizací na novější verzi serveru OpenLDAP se mohou data z LDAP adresářů vyexportovat do textových souborů ve formátu LDAP Data Interchange Format, což je standardizovaný formát pro popis těchto dat.
 .
 Výběrem „“vždy“ zajistíte, že se databáze vyexportují do souborů před každou aktualizací. Volba „v případě potřeby“ znamená, že se databáze vyexportují pouze v případě, že je formát nové databáze nekompatibilní s předchozí verzí a tudíž je potřeba data znovu nahrát. Zvolíte-li „nikdy“, data se nebudou exportovat.
Description-da.UTF-8: Læg databaser i fil ved opgradering:
 Inden du opgraderer til en ny version af OpenLDAP-serveren, kan dine LDAP-mappers data blive lagt som rene tekstfiler i formatet LDAP Data Interchange.
 .
 Angivelse af »altid«, vil få databaserne til at blive dumpet uden betingelser før en opgradering. Valg af »når nødvendigt« vil kun dumpe databasen, hvis den nye version er inkompatibel med det gamle databaseformat, og den skal genimporteres. Hvis du vælger »aldrig«, vil der ikke blive udført en dumpning.
Description-de.UTF-8: Datenbank beim Upgrade in Datei ausgeben (»dump«):
 Bevor Sie ein Upgrade auf eine neue Version des OpenLDAP-Servers durchführen, können die Daten Ihres LDAP-Verzeichnisses in reine Text-Dateien im standardisierten »LDAP Data Interchange Format« ausgegeben werden.
 .
 Die Auswahl von »immer« führt dazu, dass die Datenbanken bedingungslos vor Upgrades ausgegeben werden. Die Auswahl von »wenn benötigt« führt dazu, dass die Datenbank nur ausgegeben wird, falls die neue Version nicht mit dem alten Datenbankformat kompatibel ist und die Datenbank re-importiert werden muss. Die »nie«-Auswahl führt dazu, dass keine Ausgabe der Daten erfolgt.
Description-es.UTF-8: Volcar las bases de datos a un fichero al actualizar:
 Antes de que actualice a una nueva versión del servidor OpenLDAP, se puede volcar la información de sus directorios LDAP en ficheros de texto plano en el formato estandarizado «LDAP Data Interchange Format» (formato de intercambio de datos de LDAP).
 .
 Si selecciona «siempre» se volcarán sus bases de datos de forma incondicional antes de cada actualización. Si selecciona «cuando se necesite» sólo se hará un volcado si la nueva versión es incompatible con el formato de la base de datos antigua y la información se debe volver a importar. Si selecciona «nunca» no se hará ningún volcado.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Irauli datu-baseak fitxategi batetara bertsio-berritzean:
 OpenLDAP zerbitzariaren bertsio berri batetara bertsio-berritu aurretik, zure LDAP direktorioak testu lau fitxategietara irauliko dira LDAPen datuen elkartrukatzeko formatu estandarra erabiliz.
 .
 "Beti" hautatzean, datu-baseak baldintzarik gabe irauliko dira bertsio-berritze baten aurretik. "Beharrezkoa denean" hautatuz, bertsio berria datu-base zaharraren formatuarekin bateragarria ez denean eta berriro inportatu behar denean bakarrik irauliko da datu-basea. "Inoiz ere ez" hautatzen baduzu, inoiz ez da datu-basea irauliko.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Vedosta tietokannat tiedostoon päivitettäessä:
 Ennen päivitystä OpenLDAP-palvelimen uuteen versioon, LDAP-hakemistoista voidaan tallentaa vedos standardissa LDAP-tiedonsiirtomuodossa oleviin tekstitiedostoihin.
 .
 Valinta ”aina” merkitsee, että tietokannat vedostetaan tilanteesta riippumatta ennen päivitystä. Valinta ”tarvittaessa” merkitsee, että tietokannoista otetaan vedos vain, jos uusi versio ei ole yhteensopiva vanhan tietokantamuodon kanssa ja tiedot tulee tuoda kantaan uudelleen. Valittaessa ”ei koskaan” vedostusta ei tehdä.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Sauvegarde des bases de données dans un fichier pour la mise à niveau :
 Avant la mise à niveau du serveur OpenLDAP, les données des annuaires LDAP peuvent être exportées dans des fichiers au format texte LDIF (« LDAP Data Interchange Format » : format d'échange de données LDAP).
 .
 Si vous choisissez l'option « Toujours », les données seront systématiquement exportées avant une mise à niveau. Si vous choisissez « Lorsque nécessaire », elles ne seront exportées que lorsque la nouvelle version utilisera un format incompatible avec l'ancienne, ce qui imposera de réimporter les données. Si vous choisissez « Jamais », les données ne seront jamais exportées.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Envorcar as bases de datos a un ficheiro na actualización:
 Antes de actualizar a unha nova versión do servidor OpenLDAP, pódense envorcar os datos dos seus directorios LDAP a ficheiros de texto normal no formato estándar LDIF, formato de intercambio de datos LDAP.
 .
 A opción «sempre» fará que as bases de datos se envorquen incondicionalmente antes dunha actualización. Se escolle «cando se precise» só se ha envorcar a base de datos se a nova versión é incompatíbel co formato antigo da base de datos e hai que reimportala. Se escolle «nunca» non se ha envorcar a base de datos.
Description-it.UTF-8: Fare il dump su file dei database prima dell'aggiornamento:
 Prima dell'aggiornamento a una nuova versione del server OpenLDAP, è possibile fare il dump delle proprie directory LDAP in dei semplici file di testo in formato LDIF (lo standard per lo scambio di dati LDAP).
 .
 Selezionando "sempre" il dump dei database verrà effettuato prima di ogni aggiornamento. Con "quando necessario" il dump dei database verrà fatto solo quando la nuova versione è incompatibile con il vecchio formato del database e quindi deve essere reimportato. Infine con "mai" il dump dei database non verrà mai fatto.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 更新時にデータベースをファイルにダンプ:
 OpenLDAP サーバの新しいバージョンへの更新の前に、LDAP ディレクトリのデータを、標準 LDAP データ交換フォーマットのプレインテキストファイルにダンプできます。
 .
 「常に」を選ぶと、無条件に更新の前にデータベースをダンプするようになります。「必要なときに」を選ぶと、新しいバージョンが古いデータベースフォーマットと非互換で、再インポートが必要なときに、データベースをダンプします。「行わない」を選ぶと、データベースのダンプを行いません。
Description-nl.UTF-8: Bij de opwaardering de databanken exporteren naar bestand:
 Vooraleer een opwaardering naar een nieuwe versie van de OpenLDAP-server uitgevoerd wordt, kunnen de data in uw LDAP-catalogi geëxporteerd worden naar een gewoon tekstbestand in LDIF-indeling (dit is het gestandaardiseerde 'LDAP Data Interchange Format').
 .
 Wanneer u 'altijd' selecteert, worden de databanken voor elke opwaardering onvoorwaardelijk naar een bestand geëxporteerd. Wanneer u 'wanneer nodig' selecteert, worden de databanken enkel geëxporteerd wanneer de nieuwe databank-indeling incompatibel is met de oude indeling en de data opnieuw geïmporteerd moeten worden. Wanneer u 'nooit' kiest wordt er geen databank-export gemaakt.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Despejar as bases de dados para ficheiro durante a actualização:
 Antes de actualizar para uma nova versão do servidor OpenLDAP, os dados dos seu directórios LDAP podem ser despejados para ficheiros de texto simples no formato padronizado LDAP Data Interchange Format.
 .
 Seleccionar "sempre" fará com as bases de dados sejam despejadas incondicionalmente antes de uma actualização. Seleccionar "quando necessário" irá apenas despejar a base de dados se a nova versão for incompatível com o formato da base de dados antiga e for necessário reimportar-la. Se seleccionar "nunca", não será feito qualquer despejo.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Descarregar as bases de dados para arquivos na atualização:
 Antes de atualizar para uma nova versão do servidor OpenLDAP, os dados dos seus diretórios LDAP podem ser descarregados em arquivos texto plano no formato padrão "LDAP Interchange Format" (Formato de Intercâmbio LDAP).
 .
 Selecionar "sempre" fará com que as bases de dados sejam descarregadas incondicionalmente antes de atualizar. Selecionar "quando necessário" só descarregará a base de dados se a nova versão for incompatível com o formato da antiga base de dados e tiver que ser importada novamente. Se você selecionar "nunca", nenhum descarregamento será feito.
Description-ro.UTF-8: La actualizare, datele din baza de date vor fi salvate într-un fișier:
 Înainte de a face înnoirea la o nouă versiune a serverului OpenLDAP, datele din directoarele dumneavoastră LDAP pot fi descărcate în fișiere text simplu în formatul standard de interschimb de date LDAP (LDAP Data Interchange Format), pe scurt, fișiere „LDIF”.
 .
 Dacă selectați opțiunea „întotdeauna”, aceasta va face ca bazele de date să fie descărcate necondiționat înainte de o înnoire. Dacă selectați opțiunea „când este necesar”, aceasta va face ca bazele de date să fie descărcate numai dacă noua versiune este incompatibilă cu vechiul format de bază de date și informația conținută trebuie reimportată. Dacă selectați opțiunea „niciodată”, nu se va face nicio descărcare.
Description-ru.UTF-8: При обновлении сохранять данные из базы данных в файл:
 Перед обновлением до новой версии сервера OpenLDAP данные из ваших каталогов LDAP могут быть сохранены в текстовые файлы в стандартизованном формате обмена данных LDAP.
 .
 Если выбрать "всегда", то перед обновлением данные из баз будут обязательно сохранены. Если выбрать "только при необходимости", то база данных будет сохранена, только если новая версия не совместима со старым форматом базы данных и должна быть импортирована повторно. Если выбрать "никогда", то сохранение базы будет пропущено.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Pri aktualizácii uložiť databázy do súboru:
 Pred aktualizáciou na novšiu verziu servera OpenLDAP môžu byť vaše dáta z adresárov LDAP uložené do textových súborov vo formáte LDAP Data Interchange Format, čo je štandardizovaný formát na popis týchto dát.
 .
 Výberom „vždy“ zaistíte, že budú databázy uložené do súborov pred každou aktualizáciou. Voľba „keď je treba“ znamená, že budú databázy uložené len v prípade, že je nová verzia nekompatibilná s formátom starej databázy, a teda bude potrebné opätovné nahratie dát. Ak zvolíte „nikdy“, dáta sa nebudú ukladať.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Dumpa databaser till fil vid uppgradering:
 Innan du uppgraderar till en ny version av OpenLDAP-servern, kan datat från dina LDAP-kataloger dumpas till klartextfiler i standardformatet LDAP Data Interchange Format.
 .
 Väljer du "alltid" kommer databaserna alltid att dumpas före en uppgradering. Väljer du "vid behov" kommer databasen bara dumpas om den nya versionen är inkompatibel med det gamla databasformatet och måste återimporteras. Om du väljer "aldrig", kommer ingen dump göras.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Yükseltme öncesinde veritabanlarının dökümü yapılsın mı:
 OpenLDAP sunucu sürümünüzü yükseltmeden önce, LDAP dizinlerindeki verileriniz LDAP Veri Değişimi Biçimi (LDIF) biçiminde metin dosyalarına dökülerek yedeklenebilir.
 .
 'her zaman' seçimi, veritabanlarının her yükseltme öncesinde koşulsuz bir dökümünü sağlayacaktır. 'gerektiğinde' seçimi, yeni ile eski sürüm arasında veritabanı biçim farklılığı varsa ve bu nedenle yeni veritabanına eski verilerin sonradan alınması gerekirse döküm yapacaktır. "hiçbir zaman" seçeneğini seçerseniz döküm yapılmayacaktır.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Đổ các cơ sở dữ liệu vào tập tin khi nâng cấp:
 Trước khi nâng cấp lên phiên bản mới của trình phục vụ OpenLDAP, dữ liệu nằm trong các thư mục LDAP có thể được đổ vào tập tin nhập thô theo định dạng trao đổi dữ liệu LDAP tiêu chuẩn.
 .
 Chọn mục “luôn luôn” thì gây ra các cơ sở dữ liệu bị đổ một cách không điều kiện trước khi nâng cấp. Chọn “khi cần thiết” thì chỉ đổ cơ sở dữ liệu nếu phiên bản mới không tương thích với định dạng cơ sở dữ liệu cũ và cần phải nhập lại nó. Còn chọn “không bao giờ” thì không đổ gì.

Template: slapd/dump_database_destdir
Type: string
Default: /var/backups/slapd-VERSION
Description: Directory to use for dumped databases:
 Please specify the directory where the LDAP databases will be exported.
 In this directory, several LDIF files will be created which correspond
 to the search bases located on the server. Make sure you have enough
 free space on the partition where the directory is located. The first
 occurrence of the string "VERSION" is replaced with the server version
 you are upgrading from.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Directori a fer servir en el bolcat de les bases de dades:
 Seleccionau el directori d'exportació de les bases de dades LDAP. En aquest directori, es generaran diversos fitxers LDIF que es corresponen amb les bases de dades localitzades en el servidor. Comproveu que hi ha espai lliure suficient a la partició on està ubicat el directori seleccionat. La primer aparició de la cadena «VERSION» serà reemplaçada per la versió del servidor de la qual està actualitzant.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Adresář pro exportované databáze:
 Zadejte prosím adresář, do kterého se budou exportovat LDAP databáze. V tomto adresáři se vytvoří několik LDIF souborů odpovídajících kořenům LDAP adresářů na daném serveru. Ujistěte se, že máte na dané oblasti dostatek místa. První výskyt řetězce "VERSION" se nahradí verzí LDAP serveru, ze kterého aktualizujete na novější verzi.
Description-da.UTF-8: Mappe til de dumpede databaser:
 Angiv den mappe, LDAP-databasen skal eksporteres til. I denne mappe vil der blive oprettet adskillige LDIF-filer, som svarer til den søgedatabase, der ligger på serveren. Sørg for at du har nok fri plads på den partition, mappen ligger på. Første forekomst af strengen »VERSION« erstattes med den serverversion, du opgraderer fra.
Description-de.UTF-8: Verzeichnis für Datenbank-Ausgaben (»dumps«):
 Bitte geben Sie ein Verzeichnis an, in das die Datenbanken exportiert werden. Innerhalb dieses Verzeichnisses werden mehrere LDIF-Dateien erstellt, die zu den im Server befindlichen Suchbasen korrespondieren. Stellen Sie sicher, dass Sie genug freien Platz auf der Partition haben, auf der sich das Verzeichnis befindet. Das erste Auftreten der Zeichenkette »VERSION« wird durch die Server-Version ersetzt, von der aus Sie das Upgrade durchführen.
Description-es.UTF-8: Directorio donde volcar las bases de datos:
 Especifique el directorio donde se exportarán las bases de datos de LDAP. En éste se crearán diversos ficheros LDIF que corresponden a las bases de datos ubicadas en el servidor. Asegúrese de que tiene suficiente espacio libre en la partición donde se ubica el directorio. La primera ocurrencia de la cadena «VERSION» se reemplaza con la versión del servidor desde la cual va a actualizar.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Datu-baseak iraultzean erabiliko den direktorioa:
 Zehaztu LDAP esportatzeko erabiliko den direktorioa. Direktorio honetan zerbitzariko datu-base ezberdinei dagozkien LDIF fitxategiak sortuko dira. Ziurtatu zaitez direktorioaren partizioan behar duzun bezainbeste leku libre duzula. "VERSION" katearen lehenengo agerpena zerbitzariaren jatorrizko bertsio zenbakiagatik ordeztuko da.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Tietokantavedosten hakemisto:
 Anna hakemisto, johon LDAP-tietokannat vedostetaan. Hakemistoon luodaan useita LDIF-tiedostoja, joiden sisältö vastaa palvelimen hakukantoja. Varmista, että valitulla levyosiolla on tarpeeksi vapaata tilaa. Merkkijonon ”VERSION” ensimmäinen esiintymä korvataan päivitettävän palvelimen versionumerolla.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Répertoire où exporter les bases de données :
 Veuillez indiquer le répertoire où les bases de données LDAP seront exportées. Plusieurs fichiers LDIF seront créés dans ce répertoire. Ils correspondent aux bases de recherche présentes sur le serveur. Veuillez vérifier que la partition où se trouve ce répertoire comporte suffisamment de place disponible. La première occurrence de « VERSION » dans le nom de ce répertoire sera remplacée par la version d'OpenLDAP utilisée avant la mise à niveau.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Directorio para as bases de datos envorcadas:
 Especifique o directorio no que se han exportar as bases de datos LDAP. Neste directorio hanse crear varios ficheiros LDIF que se corresponden coas bases de busca almacenadas no servidor. Asegúrese de ter espazo libre dabondo na partición na que reside o directorio. A primeira aparición da cadea «VERSION» substitúese pola versión do servidor a partires da que se actualiza.
Description-it.UTF-8: Directory per il dump dei database:
 Indicare la directory in cui verranno esportati i database LDAP. In questa directory verrà creato un file LDIF per ogni base di ricerca presente sul server. Assicurarsi di avere spazio libero sufficiente sulla partizione che contiene la directory indicata. La prima occorrenza della stringa "VERSION" viene sostituita con la versione del server che si sta aggiornando.
Description-ja.UTF-8: データベースのダンプに使うディレクトリ:
 LDAP データベースをエキスポートするディレクトリを指定してください。このディレクトリの中には、サーバ上に配置された検索ベースに関連するいくつかの LDIF ファイルが作成されます。ディレクトリを格納するパーティションに十分な空き領域があることを確認してください。最初に出現する文字列 "VERSION" は、更新対象のサーバのバージョンで置き換えられます。
Description-nl.UTF-8: Voor databank-exports te gebruiken map:
 Geef de map op waarnaar LDAP-databanken geëxporteerd moeten worden. In deze map worden verschillende LDIF-bestanden aangemaakt die overeenkomen met de zoekbasissen op de server. U dient ervoor te zorgen dat u genoeg vrije ruimte heeft op de partitie waar de map zich bevindt. Het eerste voorkomen van de tekst 'VERSION' wordt vervangen door de server-versie vanwaar u opwaardeert.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Directório a utilizar para bases de dados despejadas:
 Por favor, especifique o directório para onde as bases de dados LDAP serão exportadas. Dentro deste directório serão criados vários ficheiros LDIF que correspondem às bases de pesquisas localizadas no servidor. Assegure-se que tem espaço livre suficiente na partição onde se encontra o directório. A primeira ocorrência da string "VERSION" é substituída com a versão do servidor que está a actualizar.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Diretório para descarregar suas bases de dados:
 Por favor, especifique o diretório onde as bases de dados LDAP serão exportadas. Nesse diretório, vários arquivos LDIF serão criados correspondendo às bases de procura localizadas no servidor. Tenha certeza de ter espaço livre suficiente na partição onde este diretório está localizado. A primeira ocorrência da string "VERSION" é substituída com a versão do servidor a partir da qual você está atualizando.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Directorul unde se descarcă/exportă bazele de date:
 Specificați directorul în care vor fi exportate bazele de date LDAP. În acest director vor fi create mai multe fișiere „LDIF” care corespund bazelor de căutare situate pe server. Asigurați-vă că aveți suficient spațiu liber pe partiția în care se află directorul. Prima apariție a șirului „VERSION” este înlocuită cu versiunea de server de la care faceți înnoirea.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Каталог сохранения данных из баз:
 Укажите каталог, куда будут экспортированы базы данных LDAP. В этом каталоге будет создано несколько файлов LDIF, которые соответствуют поисковым базам, расположенным на сервере. Убедитесь, что у вас достаточно места на разделе, где расположен каталог. Первое появление строки со словом "VERSION" заменяется на версию сервера, с которой производится обновление.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Adresár pre exportované databázy:
 Prosím, zadajte adresár, kam majú byť uložené databázy LDAP. V tomto adresári bude vytvorených niekoľko súborov LDIF, jeden pre každý koreň adresárov LDAP daného servera. Presvedčte sa, že je na zvolenej oblasti dostatok miesta. Prvý výskyt reťazca „VERSION” bude nahradený verziou servera LDAP, z ktorej aktualizujete.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Katalog att dumpa databaser i:
 Ange den katalog dit LDAP-databaser ska exporteras. I denna katalog kommer flera LDIF-filer att skapas som svarar mot sökbaserna på servern. Se till att du har tillräckligt med ledigt utrymme på den partition där katalogen finns. Den första förekomsten av strängen "VERSION" ersätts med den serverversion du uppgraderar från.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Veritabanlarının dökümü için kullanılacak dizin:
 LDAP veritabanının dışa aktarımı için bir dizin belirtin. Bu dizine sunucuda varolan arama tabanlarına karşılık gelen bir çok LDIF dosyası kaydedilecektir. İlgili dizinin bulunduğu disk bölümünde yeterince boş alan olduğundan emin olun. "VERSION" dizgesinin ilki, yükseltme işleminden önceki sunucu sürümünüzle değiştirilecektir.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Thư mục dùng để đổ cơ sở dữ liệu:
 Ghi rõ tên thư mục vào đó cần xuất các cơ sở dữ liệu LDAP. Trong thư mục này thì tạo vài tập tin LDIF tương ứng với những cơ bản tìm kiếm nằm trên máy phục vụ. Hãy kiểm tra xem vẫn có đủ sức chứa trống trong phân vùng đó. Lần đầu tiên gặp chuỗi “VERSION” (phiên bản) thì được thay thế bằng phiên bản từ đó bạn đang nâng cấp.

Template: slapd/move_old_database
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Move old database?
 There are still files in /var/lib/ldap which will probably break
 the configuration process. If you enable this option, the maintainer
 scripts will move the old database files out of the way before
 creating a new database.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Moure la base de dades anterior?
 Hi ha fitxers a «/var/lib/ldap» que probablement interrompran el procés de configuració. Si activau aquesta opció, el guió de manteniment mourà els fitxers de les bases de dades anteriors fora del directori anterior abans de generar una nova base de dades.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Přesunout starou databázi?
 Ve /var/lib/ldap jsou stále soubory, které pravděpodobně naruší instalační proces. Budete-li souhlasit, instalační skripty před vytvořením nové databáze nejprve přesunou staré databázové soubory na jiné místo.
Description-da.UTF-8: Flyt gammel database?
 Der er stadig filer i /var/lib/ldap, som sikkert vil forstyrre opsætningsprocessen. Hvis du aktiverer denne indstilling, vil vedligeholdelsesskriptene flytte de gamle filer, før de opretter en ny database.
Description-de.UTF-8: Alte Datenbank verschieben?
 Es sind noch Dateien in /var/lib/ldap, die wahrscheinlich den Konfigurationsprozess durcheinander bringen werden. Wird diese Option aktiviert, dann werden die Betreuerskripte die alten Datenbankdateien beiseite schieben, bevor sie eine neue Datenbank erstellen.
Description-es.UTF-8: ¿Desea mover la base de datos antigua?
 Existen ficheros en «/var/lib/ldap» que probablemente interrumpan el proceso de configuración. Si activa esta opción, se moverán los ficheros de las bases de datos antiguas antes de crear una nueva base de datos.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Aldatu datu-base zaharra lekuz?
 Konfigurazioko prozesua apur dezaketen fitxategiak daude oraindik /var/lib/ldap direktorioan. Aukera hau gaitzen baduzu mantentzailearen script-ek datu-base zaharreko fitxategiak hortik kenduko ditu datu-base berria sortu aurretik.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Siirretäänkö vanha tietokanta?
 Hakemistossa /var/lib/ldap on vielä tiedostoja ja ne luultavasti hajoavat asetusprosessissa. Jos valitset tämän vaihtoehdon, vanhat tietokantatiedostot siirretään syrjään ennen uuden tietokannan luomista.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Faut-il déplacer l'ancienne base de données ?
 Des fichiers présents dans /var/lib/ldap vont probablement provoquer l'échec de la procédure de configuration. Si vous choisissez cette option, les scripts de configuration déplaceront les anciens fichiers des bases de données avant de créer une nouvelle base de données.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Trasladar a base de datos antiga?
 Aínda hai ficheiros en /var/lib/ldap que probablemente fagan fallar o proceso de configuración. Se activa esta opción, os «scripts» do mantedor apartarán os ficheiros da base de datos antiga antes de crear unha nova base de datos.
Description-it.UTF-8: Spostare il vecchio database?
 Ci sono ancora dei file in /var/lib/ldap che potrebbero intralciare il processo di configurazione. Se si accetta, gli script di installazione toglieranno di mezzo i file dei vecchi database prima di creare il nuovo database.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 古いデータベースを移動しますか?
 おそらく設定手順を壊すと思われるファイルが、/var/lib/ldap にまだあります。この選択肢で「はい」を選ぶと、メンテナスクリプトは新しいデータベースを作成する前に古いデータベースファイルを別の場所に移動します。
Description-nl.UTF-8: Wilt u de oude databank verplaatsen?
 Er bevinden zich nog bestanden in /var/lib/ldap die het configuratieproces waarschijnlijk zullen verstoren. Als u voor deze optie kiest, zullen de scripts van de pakketbeheerder de oude databankbestanden wegzetten voordat ze de nieuwe databank aanmaken.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Mover a base de dados antiga?
 Ainda existem ficheiros em /var/lib/ldap que provavelmente irão parar o processo de configuração. Se activar esta opção, os scripts do maintainer irão mover os ficheiros antigos da base de dados para fora do caminho, antes de criar a nova base de dados.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Mover a base de dados antiga?
 Ainda há arquivos em /var/lib/ldap que provavelmente quebrarão o processo de configuração. Se você habilitar esta opção, os scripts do mantenedor moverão os arquivos da antiga base de dados para fora do caminho antes de criar uma nova base de dados.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Doriți să mutați baza de date veche?
 Există încă fișiere în directorul „/var/lib/ldap” care probabil vor întrerupe procesul de configurare. Dacă activați această opțiune, scripturile de configurare vor muta fișierele vechi ale bazei de date înainte de a crea o nouă bază de date.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Переместить старую базу данных?
 В каталоге /var/lib/ldap находятся файлы, которые, вероятно, негативно повлияют на процесс настройки. Если вы ответите утвердительно, то сопровождающие сценарии, перед тем как создать новую базу, переместят старые файлы базы данных в другое место.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Presunúť starú databázu?
 Vo /var/lib/ldap stále existujú súbory, ktoré pravdepodobne narušia proces nastavenia. Ak zvolíte túto možnosť, inštalačné skripty pred vytvorením novej databázy najprv presunú staré databázové súbory inam.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Flytta gammal databas?
 Det finns fortfarande filer i /var/lib/ldap/ som troligen kommer göra att konfigurationsprocessen inte fungerar. Om du aktiverar detta val, kommer administrationsskripten att flytta den gamla databasfilen ur vägen innan en ny databas skapas.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Eski veritabanı taşınsın mı?
 /var/lib/ldap dizininde yapılandırma sürecini bozabilecek bazı dosyalar bulunmaktadır. Bu seçeneği seçerseniz, bakımcı betikleri yeni bir veritabanı yaratmadan önce bu eski veritabanı dosyalarını başka bir yere taşıyacaktır.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Di chuyển cơ sở dữ liệu cũ?
 Vẫn còn có một số tập tin nằm trong thư mục “/var/lib/ldap” mà rất có thể làm hỏng tiến trình cấu hình. Bật tùy chọn này thì văn lệnh bảo trì chuyển các tập tin cơ sở dữ liệu ra trước khi tạo một cơ sở dữ liệu mới.

Template: slapd/invalid_config
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Retry configuration?
 The configuration you entered is invalid. Make sure that the DNS domain name
 is syntactically valid, the field for the organization is not left empty and
 the admin passwords match. If you decide not to retry the configuration the
 LDAP server will not be set up. Run 'dpkg-reconfigure slapd' if you want to
 retry later.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Tornar a intentar la configuració?
 La configuració que ha introduït no és vàlida. Comproveu que el nom de domini DNS és sintàcticament correcte, que el camp del nom de l'organització està emplenat i que les contrasenyes de l'administrador coincideixen. Si decideix no tornar a intentar la configuració, el servidor LDAP quedarà sense configurar. Executi «dpkg-reconfigure slapd» per tornar a intentar-ho més tard.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Zopakovat nastavení?
 Zadané nastavení není platné. Ujistěte se, že máte doménové jméno (DNS) ve správném formátu, že je vyplněné pole pro organizaci a že administrátorská hesla souhlasí. Jestliže znovu nespustíte tohoto průvodce, LDAP server nebude nakonfigurován. Budete-li chtít balík nastavit později, použijte příkaz „dpkg-reconfigure slapd“.
Description-da.UTF-8: Gentag opsætningen?
 Den opsætning, du har angivet, er ikke gyldig. Sørg for at DNS-domænenavnet har en gyldig syntaks, at organisationen er udfyldt, og at administrator-adgangskoderne er ens. Hvis du vælger ikke at gentage opsætningen af LDAP-serveren, vil den ikke blive sat op. Kør 'dpkg-reconfigure slapd', hvis du vil prøve igen senere.
Description-de.UTF-8: Konfiguration erneut versuchen?
 Die von Ihnen eingegebene Konfiguration ist ungültig. Stellen Sie sicher, dass der DNS-Domainname einer gültigen Syntax folgt, das Feld für die Organisation nicht leer geblieben ist und dass die Administratorpasswörter übereinstimmen. Falls Sie sich entscheiden, die Konfiguration nicht erneut zu versuchen, wird der LDAP-Server nicht eingerichtet. Führen Sie »dpkg-reconfigure slapd« aus, falls Sie die Konfiguration später erneut versuchen wollen.
Description-es.UTF-8: ¿Desea volver a intentar la configuración?
 La configuración que ha introducido no es válida. Asegúrese de que el nombre de dominio DNS es válido, que el campo de la organización no está en blanco y que las claves del administrador coinciden. El servidor LDAP quedará sin configurar si decide no volver a intentar la configuración. Ejecute «dpkg-reconfigure slapd» si desea volver a intentarlo más tarde.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Berriz saiatu konfigurazioa egiten?
 Zuk sartutako konfigurazioa baliogabea da. Ziurtatu DNSaren domeinu-izena sintaktikoki zuzena dela, erakundeari dagokion eremua ezin da hutsik egon eta LDAPeko administratzailearen pasahitzak berdinak izan behar dira. Konfigurazioa ez berregitea hautatzen baduzu, LDAP zerbitzaria ez da konfiguratuko. Beranduago konfigurazioa egin nahi izanez gero, exekutatu 'dpkg-reconfigure slapd'.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Faut-il recommencer la configuration ?
 La configuration que vous avez indiquée n'est pas valable. Veuillez vérifier que le nom de domaine DNS utilise une syntaxe correcte, que « organisation » n'est pas vide et que les mots de passe d'administrateur correspondent. Si vous choisissez de ne pas recommencer la configuration, le serveur LDAP ne sera pas configuré. Si vous voulez recommencer ce processus, utilisez la commande « dpkg-reconfigure slapd ».
Description-gl.UTF-8: Volver tentar a configuración?
 A configuración que introduciu non é válida. Asegúrese de que o nome de dominio DNS teña unha sintaxe válida, o campo para a organización non quede baleiro e os contrasinais do administrador coincidan. Se decide non volver tentar a configuración non se ha configurar o servidor LDAP. Execute «dpkg-reconfigure slapd» se quere volver a tentalo noutro momento.
Description-it.UTF-8: Ripetere la configurazione?
 La configurazione inserita non è valida. Assicurarsi che il nome di dominio DNS sia sintatticamente corretto, che il campo per il nome dell'organizzazione non sia stato lasciato in bianco e che le password di amministrazione coincidano. Se si decide di non riprovare la configurazione, il server LDAP non verrà impostato. In seguito, per riprovare la configurazione, usare "dpkg-reconfigure slapd".
Description-ja.UTF-8: 設定を再試行しますか?
 入力された設定は無効です。DNS ドメイン名が有効な文法になっていること、組織名のフィールドが空になっていないことと、管理者パスワードが合っていることを確認してください。設定を再試行しないと、LDAP サーバはセットアップされません。あとで再試行するときには、"dpkg-reconfigure slapd" を実行してください。
Description-nl.UTF-8: Configuratie opnieuw proberen?
 De door u ingevoerde configuratie is ongeldig. Zorg ervoor dat: de DNS-domeinnaam een geldige syntaxis heeft, het veld voor de organisatie niet leeg is, en de beheerderswachtwoorden overeenkomen. Wanneer u ervoor kiest om de configuratie niet opnieuw te proberen, wordt uw LDAP-server niet ingesteld. U kunt later altijd 'dpkg-reconfigure slapd' uitvoeren om de configuratie opnieuw te proberen.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Tentar novamente a configuração?
 A configuração que inseriu é inválida. Assegure-se que o nome do domínio DNS tem uma sintaxe válida, que a organização é preenchida e que as palavras-chave de administrador coincidem. Se decidir não tentar novamente a configuração, o servidor de LDAP não ficará configurado. Corra "dpkg-reconfigure slapd" se quiser tentar novamente mais tarde.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Tentar novamente a configuração?
 A configuração que você informou é inválida. Tenha certeza de que o nome de domínio DNS tem uma sintaxe válida, o campo para a organização não foi deixado vazio e as senhas do admin conferem. Se você decidir não tentar novamente a configuração, o servidor LDAP não será configurado. Execute "dpkg-reconfigure slapd" se você quiser tentar novamente mais tarde.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Doriți să reîncercați din nou, operația de configurare?
 Configurația pe care ați introdus-o nu este validă. Asigurați-vă că numele de domeniu DNS este valid din punct de vedere sintactic, câmpul pentru organizație nu este lăsat gol și parolele de administrator se potrivesc. Dacă decideți să nu reîncercați operația de configurare, serverul LDAP nu va fi configurat. Rulați comanda «dpkg-reconfigure slapd» dacă doriți să reîncercați mai târziu.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Повторить настройку?
 Введённая вами конфигурация неправильна. Убедитесь, что доменное имя DNS записано в правильном формате, что поле названия организации непустое и что пароль администратора верен. Если вы не станете повторять настройку, то сервер LDAP останется не настроенным. Если позднее вы захотите выполнить настройку, запустите команду «dpkg-reconfigure slapd».
Description-sk.UTF-8: Opakovať nastavenie?
 Zadali ste neplatné nastavenie. Skontrolujte, či je zadané doménové meno (DNS) v platnom tvare, že je vyplnené pole organizácie a heslá administrátora súhlasia. Ak sa rozhodnete neopakovať nastavenie, ostane server LDAP nenastavený. Ak budete chcieť opakovať nastavenie neskôr, spustite „dpkg-reconfigure slapd”.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Försöka konfigurera igen?
 Konfigurationen du angav är ogiltig. Säkerställ att DNS-domännamnet är syntaktiskt giltigt, att organisationsfältet inte lämnats tomt och att administratörslösenorden överensstämmer. Om du väljer att inte försöka konfigurera igen kommer LDAP-servern inte att ha korrekta inställningar. Kör "dpkg-reconfigure slapd" om du vill försöka igen senare.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Yapılandırma yeniden denensin mi?
 Girdiğiniz yapılandırma ayarları geçersiz. DNS alan adının söz dizimsel olarak geçerli olduğundan, kurum adı için ayrılmış alanın boş olmadığından ve yönetici parolalarının uyumlu olduğundan emin olun. Yapılandırmayı yeniden denemeyi seçmezseniz, LDAP sunucu kurulmayacaktır. Kurulumu sonra yeniden denemek için, 'dpkg-reconfigure slapd' komutunu çalıştırın.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Thử cấu hình lại?
 Bạn đã nhập một cấu hình không hợp lệ. Hãy kiểm tra lại tên miền DNS có cú pháp đúng, không bỏ trống trường tổ chức, và có hai mật khẩu quản lý trùng nhau. Nếu bạn quyết định không nên thử lại làm bước cấu hình thì không cài đặt trình phục vụ LDAP. Muốn thử lại về sau thì chạy lệnh cấu hình lại “dpkg-reconfigure slapd”.

Template: slapd/domain
Type: string
Description: DNS domain name:
 The DNS domain name is used to construct the base DN of the LDAP directory.
 For example, 'foo.example.org' will create the directory with
 'dc=foo, dc=example, dc=org' as base DN.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Nom del domini DNS:
 El nom de domini DNS es fa servir per construir el DN base del directori LDAP. Per exemple, si el vostre nom de domini és «elmeu.domini.org» es generarà el directori amb el DN base «dc=elmeu, dc=domini, dc=org»
Description-cs.UTF-8: DNS název domény:
 Název domény se používá pro vytvoření základního DN vašeho LDAP adresáře. Například zadáním „foo.bar.cz“ se vytvoří adresář se základním DN „dc=foo, dc=bar, dc=cz“.
Description-da.UTF-8: DNS-domænenavn:
 Domænenavnet bruges til at opbygge basis-DN for din LDAP-mappe. For eksempel vil 'foo.eksempel.org' oprette mappen med 'dc=foo, dc=eksempel, dc=org' som basis-DN.
Description-de.UTF-8: DNS-Domainname:
 Der DNS-Domainname wird zur Erzeugung des Basis-DN Ihres LDAP-Verzeichnisses verwendet. Zum Beispiel erstellt »foo.example.org« das Verzeichnis mit der Basis-DN »dc=foo, dc=example, dc=org«.
Description-es.UTF-8: Introduzca el nombre de dominio DNS:
 El nombre de dominio DNS se utiliza para construir el DN base del directorio LDAP. Por ejemplo, si introduce «foo.example.org» el directorio se creará con un DN base de «dc=foo, dc=example, dc=org».
Description-eu.UTF-8: DNSaren domeinu-izena:
 DNSaren domeinu-izena LDAP direktorioaren DN oinarria eraikitzeko erabiliko da. Adibidez, 'proba.adibide.org' erabiliz DN oinarri gisa 'dc=proba, dc=example, dc=org' edukiarekin sortuko du direktorioa.
Description-fi.UTF-8: DNS-aluenimi:
 DNS-aluenimeä käytetään perus-DN:n (erittelevä nimi) luomisessa LDAP-hakemistolle. Esimerkiksi ”foo.esimerkki.fi” luo hakemiston, jonka perus-DN on ”dc=foo, dc=esimerkki, dc=fi”.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Nom de domaine :
 Le nom de domaine DNS est utilisé pour établir le nom distinctif de base (« base DN » ou « Distinguished Name ») de l'annuaire LDAP. Par exemple, si vous indiquez « toto.example.org » ici, le nom distinctif de base sera « dc=toto, dc=example, dc=org ».
Description-gl.UTF-8: Nome de dominio DNS:
 O nome de dominio DNS emprégase para construír o DN base do directorio LDAP. Por exemplo, «foo.example.org» creará o directorio con «dc=foo, dc=example, dc=org» coma DN base.
Description-it.UTF-8: Nome di dominio DNS:
 Il nome DNS di dominio è usato per costruire la base DN della directory LDAP. Per esempio con "pippo.esempio.org" sarà creata una directory con "dc=pippo, dc=esempio, dc=org" come base DN.
Description-ja.UTF-8: DNS ドメイン名:
 DNS ドメイン名は LDAP ディレクトリのベース DN を形成するのに使われます。たとえば、'foo.example.org' は、ベース DN として 'dc=foo, dc=example, dc=org' のディレクトリを作成します。
Description-nl.UTF-8: DNS-domeinnaam:
 De DNS-domeinnaam wordt gebruikt als de basis-DN van uw LDAP-catalogus. foo.example.org invoeren geeft u de basis-DN dc=foo, dc=example, dc=org.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Nome do domínio DNS:
 O nome do domínio DNS é usado para construir o DN base do seu directório LDAP. Por exemplo, 'foo.exemplo.org' irá criar o directório com 'dc=foo,dc=exemplo,dc=org' como DN base.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Nome do domínio DNS:
 O nome do domínio DNS é usado para construir a base DN de seu diretório LDAP. Por exemplo, "foo.example.org" criará o diretório com "dc=foo, dc=example, dc=org" como base DN.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Introduceți numele de domeniu DNS:
 Numele de domeniu DNS este folosit pentru a construi DN-ul de bază al directorului LDAP. De exemplu, „foo.example.org” va crea directorul cu „dc=foo, dc=example, dc=org” ca DN de bază.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Доменное имя DNS:
 Доменное имя DNS используется для построения базового DN каталога LDAP. Например, если ввести «foo.bar.org», то это даст базовый DN «dc=foo, dc=bar, dc=org».
Description-sk.UTF-8: Meno domény (DNS):
 Meno domény (DNS) sa použije na vytvorenie základného DN adresára LDAP. Napríklad „foo.example.org“ vytvorí adresár so základným DN „dc=foo, dc=example, dc=org“.
Description-sv.UTF-8: DNS-domännamn:
 DNS-domännamnet används för att konstruera bas-DN:et för LDAP-katalogen. Till exempel kommer "foo.example.org" att skapa en katalog med "dc=foo, dc=example, dc=org" som bas-DN.
Description-tr.UTF-8: DNS alan adı:
 DNS alan adı LDAP dizininin temel DN yapılandırması için kullanılmıştır. Örneğin, 'foo.example.org' alan adı 'dc=foo, dc=example, dc=org' temel DN'ye sahip dizini yaratacaktır.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Tên miền DNS:
 Tên miền DNS được dùng để cấu trúc tên miền cơ bản của thư mục LDAP. Chẳng hạn, “foo.thí_dụ.org” sẽ tạo thư mục có “dc=foo, dc=thí_dụ, dc=org” là tên miền cơ bản.

Template: shared/organization
Type: string
Description: Organization name:
 Please enter the name of the organization to use in the base DN of your
 LDAP directory.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Nom de l'organització:
 Escriviu el nom de l'organització per fer servir en el DN base del directori LDAP.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Název organizace:
 Zadejte prosím jméno organizace, které se použije v základním DN vašeho LDAP adresáře.
Description-da.UTF-8: Organisationsnavn:
 Indtast venligst navnet på organisationen som skal bruges i basis-DN'en på din LDAP-mappe.
Description-de.UTF-8: Name der Organisation:
 Bitte geben Sie den Namen der Organisation ein, die im Basis-DN Ihres LDAP-Verzeichnisses verwendet werden soll.
Description-es.UTF-8: Nombre de la organización:
 Introduzca el nombre de la organización a utilizar en el DN base del directorio LDAP.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Erakundearen izena:
 Idatzi LDAP direktorioko DN oinarrian erabiliko den erakundearen izena.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Organisaation nimi:
 Anna LDAP-hakemiston perus-DN:ssä käytettävä organisaation nimi.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Nom d'entité (« organization ») :
 Veuillez indiquer la valeur qui sera utilisée comme nom d'entité (« organization ») dans le nom distinctif de base de l'annuaire LDAP.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Nome da organización:
 Introduza aquí o nome da organización a empregar no DN base do seu directorio LDAP.
Description-it.UTF-8: Nome dell'organizzazione:
 Inserire il nome dell'organizzazione da usare nella base DN della propria directory LDAP.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 組織名:
 LDAP ディレクトリのベース DN 内で使う組織の名前を入力してください。
Description-nl.UTF-8: Organisatienaam:
 Geef op welke organisatienaam gebruikt moet worden in de basis-DN van uw LDAP-catalogus.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Nome da Organização:
 Por favor, insira o nome da organização a usar, no DN base do seu directório LDAP.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Nome da organização:
 Por favor, informe o nome da organização para usar na base DN de seu diretório LDAP.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Numele organizației:
 Introduceți numele organizației de utilizat în DN-ul de bază al directorului LDAP.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Название организации:
 Введите название организации для использования в базовом DN каталога LDAP.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Názov organizácie:
 Prosím, zadajte názov organizácie, ktorý sa použije v základnom DN vášho adresára LDAP.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Organisationsnamn:
 Ange namnet på organisationen som ska användas i bas-DN:et för din LDAP-katalog.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Kurum adı:
 LDAP dizininin temel DN'si olarak kullanılacak kurum adını girin.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Tên tổ chức:
 Hãy nhập tên của tổ chức cần dùng trong tên miền cơ bản của thư mục LDAP.

Template: slapd/password1
Type: password
Description: Administrator password:
 Please enter the password for the admin entry in your LDAP directory.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Contrasenya de l'administrador:
 Escriviu la contrasenya per l'accés com administrador al vostre directori LDAP:
Description-cs.UTF-8: Administrátorské heslo:
 Zadejte prosím heslo pro administrátorský záznam v LDAP adresáři.
Description-da.UTF-8: Administratoradgangskode:
 Angiv administratoropslagets adgangskode i din LDAP-mappe.
Description-de.UTF-8: Administrator-Passwort:
 Bitte geben Sie das Passwort für den Administrator-Eintrag in Ihrem LDAP-Verzeichnis ein.
Description-es.UTF-8: Contraseña del administrador:
 Introduzca la contraseña para la entrada de administrador de su directorio LDAP.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Administratzailearen pasahitza:
 Idatzi LDAP direktorioko administratzailearen sarrerarako pasahitza.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Ylläpitosalasana:
 Anna LDAP-hakemiston ylläpitosalasana.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Mot de passe de l'administrateur :
 Veuillez indiquer le mot de passe de l'administrateur de l'annuaire LDAP.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Contrasinal do administrador:
 Introduza o contrasinal para a entrada do administrador no directorio LDAP.
Description-it.UTF-8: Password dell'amministratore:
 Inserire la password per l'amministrazione della propria directory LDAP.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 管理者のパスワード:
 あなたの LDAP ディレクトリでの管理者エントリのパスワードを入力してください。
Description-nl.UTF-8: Beheerderswachtwoord:
 Gelieve het wachtwoord op te geven voor het beheerdersaccount in uw LDAP-catalogus.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Palavra-passe do administrador:
 Por favor, insira a palavra-passe para a entrada admin do seu directório LDAP.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Senha do administrador:
 Por favor, informe a senha para a entrada administrativa em seu diretório LDAP.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Parola de administrator:
 Introduceți parola pentru intrarea de administrator din directorul dumneavoastră LDAP.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Пароль администратора:
 Введите пароль для записи admin в каталоге LDAP.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Heslo správcu:
 Prosím zadajte heslo správcu vášho adresára LDAP.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Administratörslösenord:
 Ange lösenordet för admin-posten i LDAP-katalogen.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Yönetici parolası:
 LDAP dizini yöneticisi için parola girin.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Mật khẩu quản trị:
 Hãy nhập mật khẩu cho mục nhập quản trị trong thư mục LDAP của bạn.

Template: slapd/password2
Type: password
Description: Confirm password:
 Please enter the admin password for your LDAP directory again to verify
 that you have typed it correctly.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Confirmeu la vostra contrasenya:
 Introduïu de nou la contrasenya d'administrador per al directori LDAP per comprovar que s'ha escrit correctament.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Potvrzení hesla:
 Zadejte prosím znovu administrátorské heslo k LDAP adresáři, abyste se ujistili, že jste jej zadali správně.
Description-da.UTF-8: Bekræft administratoradgangskode:
 Indtast venligst administratoradgangskoden på din LDAP-mappe igen for at bekræfte, at du har tastet den korrekt.
Description-de.UTF-8: Passwort bestätigen:
 Bitte geben Sie das Passwort für den Administrator-Eintrag Ihres LDAP-Verzeichnisses nochmal ein, um sicher zu gehen, dass Sie es richtig eingegeben haben.
Description-es.UTF-8: Confirme la contraseña:
 Introduzca de nuevo la misma contraseña de administrador para su directorio LDAP para verificar que la introdujo correctamente.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Berretsi pasahitza:
 Idatzi LDAP direktorioko administratzailearen sarrerarako pasahitza berriro ondo idatzi duzula ziurtatzeko.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Vahvista salasana:
 Syötä LDAP-hakemiston ylläpitosalasana uudelleen varmistaaksesi, että kirjoitit sen oikein.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Mot de passe de l'administrateur :
 Veuillez entrer à nouveau le mot de passe de l'administrateur de l'annuaire LDAP afin de vérifier qu'il a été saisi correctement.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Confirme o contrasinal:
 Volva introducir o contrasinal do administrador do seu directorio LDAP para comprobar que o introduciu correctamente.
Description-it.UTF-8: Conferma della password:
 Inserire di nuovo la password per l'amministrazione della propria directory LDAP, per verificare che sia stata digitata correttamente.
Description-ja.UTF-8: パスワードの確認:
 正しくタイプしたかの確認のために、先ほど入力したのと同じ LDAP ディレクトリ用の admin のパスワードを再度入力してください。
Description-nl.UTF-8: Bevestig het wachtwoord:
 Gelieve het beheerderswachtwoord van uw LDAP-catalogus nogmaals in te tikken (dit om tikfouten tegen te gaan).
Description-pt.UTF-8: Confirme a palavra-passe:
 Por favor introduza novamente a palavra-passe de admin do seu directório LDAP, para verificar se a introduziu correctamente.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Confirme a senha:
 Por favor, informe novamente a senha para a entrada administrativa de seu diretório LDAP para verificar se você a digitou corretamente.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Confirmați parola:
 Introduceți din nou parola de administrator pentru directorul dumneavoastră LDAP pentru a verifica dacă ați introdus-o corect.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Повторите ввод пароля:
 Введите тот же пароль для admin в каталоге LDAP ещё раз, чтобы убедиться в правильности ввода.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Overenie hesla:
 Prosím, zadajte znova heslo správcu vášho adresára LDAP na overenie, že ste ho napísali správne.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Bekräfta lösenordet:
 Ange administratörslösenordet för din LDAP-katalog igen för att verifiera att du har skrivit in det korrekt.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Parolayı doğrulayın:
 Doğru yazdığınızdan emin olmak için LDAP dizini yönetici parolasını yeniden girin.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Xác nhận mật khẩu:
 Hãy nhập lại mật khẩu quản trị cho thư mục LDAP để xác nhận lại bạn đã gõ đúng.

Template: slapd/password_mismatch
Type: note
Description: Password mismatch
 The two passwords you entered were not the same. Please try again.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Les contrasenyes no coincideixen
 Les dues contrasenyes no coincideixen. Tornau a provar-ho.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Hesla nesouhlasí
 Zadaná hesla nejsou stejná. Zkuste to znovu.
Description-da.UTF-8: Adgangskoderne var ikke ens
 De to adgangskoder, du indtastede, var ikke ens. Prøv igen.
Description-de.UTF-8: Passwörter stimmen nicht überein
 Die beiden eingegebenen Passwörter sind nicht gleich. Bitte versuchen Sie es noch einmal.
Description-es.UTF-8: Las contraseñas no coinciden
 Las dos contraseñas que ha introducido son distintas. Inténtelo de nuevo.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Pasahitzak ez dira berdinak
 Idatzitako bi pasahitzak ez dira berdinak. Saiatu berriro.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Salasanat eivät täsmää
 Syöttämäsi kaksi salasanaa eivät olleet sama. Yritä uudelleen.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Erreur de saisie du mot de passe
 Les deux mots de passe que vous avez entrés sont différents. Veuillez recommencer.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Contrasinais distintos
 Os dous contrasinais que introduciu non son iguais. Volva tentalo.
Description-it.UTF-8: Le password non coincidono
 Le due password inserite non sono uguali; si prega di riprovare.
Description-ja.UTF-8: パスワードが合致しません
 2回入力されたパスワードは同じではありません。再度入力してください。
Description-nl.UTF-8: Wachtwoorden komen niet overeen
 De twee door u ingevoerde wachtwoorden kwamen niet overeen. Gelieve nogmaals te proberen.
Description-pt.UTF-8: A palavra-passe não coincide
 As duas palavra-passe que você introduziu não são iguais. Por favor, tente novamente.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: As senhas não conferem
 As duas senhas que você informou não foram as mesmas. Por favor, tente novamente.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Parolele nu se potrivesc
 Cele două parole pe care le-ați introdus sunt diferite. Încercați din nou.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Пароли не совпадают
 Введённые вами пароли не совпадают. Попробуйте ещё раз.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Heslá sa nezhodujú
 Zadané heslá nie sú rovnaké. Prosím, skúste to znova.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Lösenorden matchar inte
 De två lösenord du har angett var inte lika. Försök igen.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Parola uyumsuzluğu
 Girdiğiniz iki parola aynı değil, yeniden deneyin.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Mật khẩu không khớp
 Bạn đã gõ hai mật khẩu khác nhau. Hãy thử lại.

Template: slapd/purge_database
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Do you want the database to be removed when slapd is purged?
Description-ca.UTF-8: Desitjau que s'elimini la base de dades en purgar el paquet slapd?
Description-cs.UTF-8: Chcete při vyčištění balíku slapd ze systému smazat i databázi?
Description-da.UTF-8: Ønsker du at databasen bliver fjernet, når slapd bliver afinstalleret?
Description-de.UTF-8: Soll die Datenbank entfernt werden, wenn slapd vollständig gelöscht wird?
Description-es.UTF-8: ¿Desea que se borre la base de datos cuando se purgue el paquete slapd?
Description-eu.UTF-8: Slapd kentzen bada, datu-basea ere ezabatzea nahi duzu?
Description-fi.UTF-8: Haluatko, että tietokanta poistetaan siivottaessa paketti slapd?
Description-fr.UTF-8: Faut-il supprimer la base de données lors de la purge du paquet ?
Description-gl.UTF-8: Quere que se elimine a base de datos ao purgar slapd?
Description-it.UTF-8: Eliminare il database in caso di rimozione completa di slapd?
Description-ja.UTF-8: slapd をパージしたときにデータベースを削除しますか?
Description-nl.UTF-8: Wilt u dat de databank verwijderd wordt wanneer slapd gewist wordt?
Description-pt.UTF-8: Quer que a base de dados seja removida quando o slapd for purgado?
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Você deseja que a base de dados seja removida quando o pacote slapd for expurgado ("purged")?
Description-ro.UTF-8: Doriți ca baza de date să fie eliminată atunci când «slapd» este șters?
Description-ru.UTF-8: Удалять базу данных при вычистке slapd?
Description-sk.UTF-8: Chcete aby pri odstránení balíka slapd bola odstránená aj databáza?
Description-sv.UTF-8: Vill du att databasen ska tas bort när slapd rensas bort?
Description-tr.UTF-8: slapd paketi kaldırıldığında veritabanının da kaldırılmasını ister misiniz?
Description-vi.UTF-8: Khi tẩy gói phần mềm slapd, bạn có muốn xóa bỏ cơ sở dữ liệu đi không?

Template: slapd/internal/adminpw
Type: password
Description: Encrypted admin password:
 Internal template, should never be displayed to users.

Template: slapd/internal/generated_adminpw
Type: password
Description: Generated admin password:
 Internal template, should never be displayed to users.

Template: slapd/upgrade_slapcat_failure
Type: error
Description: slapcat failure during upgrade
 An error occurred while upgrading the LDAP directory.
 .
 The 'slapcat' program failed while extracting the LDAP directory. This
 may be caused by an incorrect configuration file (for example, missing
 'moduleload' lines to support the backend database).
 .
 This failure will cause 'slapadd' to fail later as well. The old database
 files will be moved to /var/backups. If you want to try this upgrade
 again, you should move the old database files back into place, fix
 whatever caused slapcat to fail, and run:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Then move the database files back to a backup area and then try running
 slapadd from ${location}.
Description-ca.UTF-8: ha fallat «slapcat» durant l'actualització
 S'ha produït un error en l'actualització del directori LDAP.
 .
 El programa «slapcat» ha fallat en l'extracció del directori LDAP. Aquest error pot ésser causat per un fitxer de configuració incorrecte (per exemple, per que faltin línies «moduleload» necessàries pel motor de la base de dades)
 .
 Aquest error farà que «slapadd» torni a fallar més endavant. Els fitxers de la base de dades anterior es mouran a «/var/backups». Si desitjau tornar a intentar l'actualització, haureu de tornar a moure els fitxers de la base de dades anterior a la seva ubicació inicial, solucionar la causa de l'error i tornar a executar:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 A continuació, tornau els arxius de la base de dades a la zona de seguretat i després intenteu executar «slapadd» des de ${location}.
Description-cs.UTF-8: slapcat během aktualizace selhal
 Při pokusu o aktualizaci LDAP adresáře se vyskytla chyba.
 .
 Program „slapcat“ selhal. Tuto chybu může způsobit třeba chybný konfigurační soubor. (Například pokud chybí příslušné řádky „moduleload“ pro backend databáze, která uchovává obsah LDAP adresáře.)
 .
 Tato chyba později způsobí také selhání příkazu „slapadd“. Staré databázové soubory budou přesunuty do /var/backups. Budete-li chtít později zkusit provést tuto aktualizaci znovu, přesuňte staré databázové soubory zpět na jejich původní místo, spravte příčinu toho, proč slapcat selhal a spusťte:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Poté přesuňte databázové soubory zpět mezi zálohy a zkuste spustit slapadd z ${location}.
Description-da.UTF-8: slapcatfejl under opgraderingen
 Der opstod en fejl under opgradering af din LDAP-mappe.
 .
 Programmet 'slapcat' fejlede under udtrækning af LDAP-mappen. Fejlen kan skyldes en fejlbehæftet opsætningsfil (f.eks. kan de korrekte 'moduleloadlinjer' til understøttelse af din motors database mangle).
 .
 Denne fejl vil også senere få 'slapadd' til at fejle. De gamle databasefiler er ved at blive flyttet til /var/backups. Hvis du vil forsøge denne opgradering igen, så flyt de gamle databasefiler tilbage, ret den fejl, der fik slapcat til at fejle, og kør:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Flyt derefter databasefilerne tilbage til et sikkerhedskopiområde, og prøv at køre slapadd fra ${location}.
Description-de.UTF-8: slapcat-Fehlschlag beim Upgrade
 Während des Versuchs, ein Upgrade des LDAP-Verzeichnisses durchzuführen, trat ein Fehler auf.
 .
 Das Programm »slapcat« schlug beim Versuch, das LDAP-Verzeichnis zu extrahieren, fehl. Dies könnte durch eine inkorrekte Konfigurationsdatei verursacht worden sein (beispielsweise fehlende »moduleload«-Zeilen, um die Backend-Datenbank zu unterstützen).
 .
 Dieser Fehlschlag wird später dazu führen, dass auch »slapadd« fehlschlägt. Die alten Datenbankdateien werden jetzt nach /var/backups verschoben. Falls Sie dieses Upgrade erneut versuchen wollen, sollten Sie die alten Datenbankdateien wieder zurück an ihren Platz verschieben, den Grund für den Fehlschlag von slapcat beheben und folgendes ausführen:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Verschieben Sie dann die Datenbankdateien zurück in den Sicherungsbereich und versuchen Sie, Slapadd von ${location} auszuführen.
Description-es.UTF-8: fallo de slapcat durante la actualización
 Se produjo un error mientras se actualizaba su directorio LDAP.
 .
 El programa «slapcat» falló mientras extraía el directorio LDAP. Este fallo puede deberse a un fichero de configuración incorrecto (por ejemplo, que falte alguna línea «moduleload» necesaria para el motor del base de datos).
 .
 Este fallo hará que también falle «slapadd» más adelante. Se van a mover los ficheros de la base de datos antigua a «/var/backups». Si desea volver a intentar la actualización debe mover los ficheros de la base de datos a su ubicación normal, arreglar lo que hizo que fallara «slapcat» y ejecutar:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Mueva los ficheros de la base de datos de nuevo al área de la copia de seguridad e intente ejecutar «slapadd» desde «${location}».
Description-eu.UTF-8: slapcat-ek huts egin du bertsio-berritzean
 Errorea gertatu da LDAP direktorioa bertsio-berritzean.
 .
 'slapcat' programak huts egin du LDAP direktorioa erauztean. Konfigurazioko fitxategia oker egoteagatik gerta daiteke (adibidez, datu-basearen motorra onartzeko 'moduleload' lerroak falta badira).
 .
 Hutsegite honek 'slapdd'-ek lehenago edo beranduago hutsegitea eragingo du. Datu-base zaharra /var/backups karpetara eramango da. Bertsio-berritze hau berriro saiatzea nahi izanez gero, datu-base zaharreko fitxategiak aurreko kokalekura eraman beharko dituzu. Konpondu slapcat-en hutsegitea eragin duena eta exekutatu honako komandoa:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Ondoren, eraman datu-basearen fitxategiak babeskopiako kokaleku batera, eta saiatu slapadd ${location}(e)tik exekutatzen.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Échec de slapcat durant la mise à niveau
 Une erreur s'est produite lors de la mise à niveau de l'annuaire LDAP.
 .
 Le programme « slapcat » a échoué en extrayant les données du répertoire LDAP. Cela peut être dû à un fichier de configuration non valable (par exemple l'absence de lignes « moduleload » permettant de gérer les divers types de bases de données).
 .
 Cet échec provoquera l'échec ultérieur de « slapadd ». Les anciens fichiers de bases de données seront déplacés dans /var/backups. Si vous souhaitez tenter à nouveau la mise à jour, vous devrez les remettre en place, corriger l'erreur qui a provoqué l'échec de slapcat et utiliser la commande suivante :
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Déplacez ensuite les bases de données vers un emplacement de sauvegarde et tentez d'utiliser la commande « slapadd » depuis ${location}.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Fallou a execución de slapcat durante a actualización
 Produciuse un erro ao actualizar o directorio LDAP.
 .
 O programa «slapcat» fallou ao extraer o directorio LDAP. Isto pode estar causado por un ficheiro de configuración incorrecto (por exemplo, se non hai liñas «moduleload» para o uso da base de datos).
 .
 Este fallo fará que «slapadd» tamén falle. Trasladaranse os ficheiros de base de datos antigos a /var/backups. Se quere volver tentar a actualización, debería mover os ficheiros da base de datos antiga ao seu sitio, arranxar o que fixo que fallara slapcat, e executar:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Despois volva trasladar os ficheiros da base de datos a unha zona de copias de seguridade e probe a executar slapadd desde ${location}.
Description-it.UTF-8: Problema con slapcat durante l'aggiornamento
 Si è verificato un errore durante l'aggiornamento della directory LDAP.
 .
 Il programma "slapcat" ha riportato un errore durante l'estrazione della directory LDAP. L'errore potrebbe essere causato da un file di configurazione sbagliato (per esempio, la mancanza delle righe "moduleload" per il supporto al database di backend).
 .
 Questo errore provocherà anche il successivo fallimento di "slapadd". I file del vecchio database saranno spostati in /var/backups. Per riprovare l'aggiornamento è necessario riportare i file nella posizione originale, correggere ciò che ha causato il fallimento di slapcat ed eseguire:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Poi spostare i file del database in un'area di backup e provare a eseguire slapadd da ${location}.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 更新中に slapcat が失敗
 LDAP ディレクトリの更新中にエラーが発生しました。
 .
 LDAP ディレクトリの展開中に 'slapcat' プログラムが失敗しました。これは不正な設定ファイル (たとえばバックエンドデータベースをサポートするための 'moduleload' 行がないなど) によって引き起こされた可能性があります。
 .
 この失敗は、後で 'slapadd' を失敗させることになります。古いデータベースファイルは /var/backups に移動されます。更新を再試行したいのであれば、古いデータベースファイルを元の場所に戻して slapcat が失敗する原因を修正し、次のように実行します:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 そして、データベースファイルをバックアップ領域に戻し、slapadd を ${location} から実行してみます。
Description-nl.UTF-8: slapcat gaf een fout tijdens de opwaardering
 Er is een fout opgetreden tijdens het opwaarderen van uw LDAP-catalogus.
 .
 Bij het uitpakken van de LDAP-catalogus signaleerde het programma 'slapcat' een fout. Dit kan veroorzaakt worden door een onjuist configuratiebestand (bv. het ontbreken van 'moduleload'-regels voor het ondersteunen van de backenddatabank).
 .
 Deze mislukking zorgt ervoor dat 'slapadd' zo meteen ook mislukt. De oude databankbestanden worden verplaatst naar /var/backups . Als u deze opwaardering opnieuw wilt proberen, dient u eerst de oude databankbestanden terug te plaatsen, daarna de oorzaak van het mislukken van slapcat op te lossen, en tenslotte de volgende opdracht uit te voeren:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Vervolgens verplaatst u de databankbestanden terug naar de reservekopie-map en probeert u slapadd uit te voeren vanaf ${location}.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Falha do slapcat durante a actualização
 Ocorreu um erro durante a actualização do directório LDAP.
 .
 O programa 'slapcat' falhou enquanto extraía o directório LDAP. Isto pode ter sido causado por um ficheiro de configuração incorrecto (por exemplo, linhas 'moduleload' em falta para suportar o backend da base de dados).
 .
 Esta falha irá fazer com que o 'slapadd' falhe também mais tarde. Os ficheiros antigos da base de dados serão movidos para /var/backups. Se quiser tentar novamente esta actualização, deverá mover os ficheiros antigos da base de dados antiga de volta para o seu lugar, corrigir o que possa ter causado a falha do slapcat, e executar:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Depois mova os ficheiros da base de dados de volta para a área de backup e a seguir tente correr o slapadd a partir de ${location}.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Falha do slapcat durante a atualização
 Um erro ocorreu durante a atualização do diretório LDAP.
 .
 O programa "slapcat" falhou ao extrair o diretório LDAP. Isso pode ter sido causado por um arquivo de configuração incorreto (por exemplo, se estiverem faltando as linhas "moduleload" para suportar o "backend" da base de dados).
 .
 Esta falha fará com que o "slapadd" também falhe posteriormente. Os arquivos da antiga base de dados serão movidos para /var/backups. Se você quer tentar esta atualização novamente, você deve mover os arquivos da antiga base de dados de volta para o local original, corrigir o que quer que tenha causado a falha do slapcat e executar:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Então mova os arquivos da base de dados de volta para uma área de backup e depois tente executar slapadd a partir de ${location}.
Description-ro.UTF-8: «slapcat» a eșuat în timpul înnoirrii
 A apărut o eroare în timpul actualizării directorului LDAP.
 .
 Programul «slapcat» a eșuat la extragerea directorului LDAP. Acest lucru poate fi cauzat de un fișier de configurare incorect (de exemplu, lipsa liniilor „moduleload” care să permită gestionarea diferitelor tipuri de baze de date).
 .
 Acest eșec va face ca «slapadd» să eșueze, de asemenea, mai târziu. Fișierele vechi ale bazei de date vor fi mutate în directorul „/var/backups”. Dacă doriți să încercați din nou această actualizare, ar trebui să mutați vechile fișiere de baze de date înapoi la locul lor, să remediați orice a cauzat eșecul lui «slapcat» și să rulați:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Mutați fișierele bazei de date înapoi în directorul de copii de rezervă și apoi încercați să rulați «slapadd» din ${location}.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Ошибка slapcat при обновлении
 Возникла ошибка при попытке обновления каталога LDAP.
 .
 Ошибка возникла при выполнении программы «slapcat», которая пыталась распаковать каталог LDAP. Это могло произойти из-за некорректного файла конфигурации (например, в случае отсутствия строк «moduleload» для вашего типа сервера базы данных).
 .
 В дальнейшем, это также вызовет отказ в работе «slapadd». Старые файлы базы данных были перенесены в каталог /var/backups. Если вы хотите попытаться выполнить обновление ещё раз, переместите старые файлы базы данных обратно, исправьте ошибку, вызывающую отказ работы «slapcat» и выполните:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Переместите файлы базы данных обратно в место хранения резервной копии и затем попытайтесь запустить slapadd из ${location}.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Zlyhanie slapcat počas aktualizácie
 Pri aktualizácii adresára LDAP nastala chyba.
 .
 Program „slapcat“ zlyhal pri práci s adresárom LDAP. Táto chyba môže byť spôsobená chybným konfiguračným súborom (napríklad chýbajúce riadky „moduleload“ s podporou backend databázy).
 .
 Táto chyba bude mať za následok, že „slapadd“ neskôr tiež zlyhá. Súbory starej databázy budú presunuté do /var/backups. Ak budete chcieť skúsiť túto aktualizáciu neskôr znova, mali by ste najprv presunúť súbory starej databázy naspäť, opraviť príčinu zlyhania slapcat a spustiť:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Potom presuňte súbory databázy späť medzi zálohy a až potom skúste spustiť slapadd z ${location}.
Description-sv.UTF-8: slapcat-fel vid uppgradering
 Ett fel inträffade när LDAP-katalogen uppgraderades.
 .
 Programmet "slapcat" misslyckades när det extraherade LDAP-katalogen. Detta kan bero på en felaktig konfigurationsfil (till exempel, saknade "moduleload"-rader för att stödja bakändsdatabasen).
 .
 Detta fel kommer göra att "slapadd" misslyckas även senare. Den gamla databasen kommer flyttas till /var/backups. Om du vill försöka utföra den här uppgraderingen igen, behöver du flytta tillbaka de gamla databasfilerna, korrigera det som har fått slapcat att misslyckas och köra:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Flytta sedan tillbaka databasfilerna till ett utrymme för säkerhetskopior och kör slapadd från ${location}.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Yükseltme sırasında slapcat hatası
 LDAP dizini yükseltilirken bir hata oluştu.
 .
 'slapcat' programı LDAP dizinini dışa aktarırken başarısız oldu. Buna hatalı bir yapılandırma dosyası neden olmuş olabilir (örneğin, arka uç veritabanını desteklemek için gerekli 'moduleload' satırlarının eksik olması gibi).
 .
 Bu hata daha sonra 'slapadd' programının da hata vermesine neden olacaktır. Eski veritabanı dosyaları /var/backups dizinine taşınacaktır. Eğer bu yükseltmeyi yeniden denemek isterseniz, eski veritabanı dosyalarını yerlerine geri almalı, 'slapcat' programının hatasına neden olan her ne ise düzeltmeli ve aşağıdaki komutu çalıştırmalısınız:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Daha sonra veritabanı dosyalarını bir yedekleme alanına geri taşıyın ve ${location} konumundan 'slapadd' komutunu çalıştırın.
Description-vi.UTF-8: slapcat gặp lỗi trong khi nâng cấp
 Gặp lỗi trong khi nâng cấp thư mục LDAP.
 .
 Chương trình “slapcat” bị lỗi trong khi giải nén thư mục LDAP. Có thể do một tập tin cấu hình sai (v.d. thiếu dòng “moduleload” để hỗ trợ cơ sở dữ liệu ứng dụng chạy phía sau).
 .
 Lỗi này cũng sẽ là nguyên nhân làm cho tiến trình “slapadd” thất bại về sau. Các tập tin cơ sở dữ liệu cũ sẽ được di chuyển vào thư mục “/var/backups”. Muốn thử lại tiến trình nâng cấp thì bạn nên di chuyển các tập tin cơ sở dữ liệu cũ về nơi gốc, sửa chữa những gì làm cho slapcat bị lỗi, và chạy câu lệnh:
 .
  slapcat > ${location}
 .
 Sau đó, hãy di chuyển các tập tin cơ sở dữ liệu sang một vùng sao lưu, và thử chạy trình slapadd từ vị trí “${location}”.

Template: slapd/postinst_error
Type: note
Description: Error while performing post-installation tasks
 There has been one or more errors while performing some
 post-installation tasks. This probably means that the slapd package
 could not automatically migrate one or more LDAP databases, or that a
 backend being used by the current OpenLDAP installation is not
 supported anymore.
 .
 The maintainer script responsible for executing the post-installation
 tasks has exited, but the slapd service has NOT been (re)started. You
 will need to manually fix the problem and then start the service.
 .
 For more information on possible problematic scenarios and how to
 address them, please take a look at the README.Debian file (under
 /usr/share/doc/slapd/).
Description-de.UTF-8: Fehler bei der Ausführung von Aufgaben nach der Installation
 Es gab einen oder mehrere Fehler bei der Durchführung einiger Aufgaben nach der Installation. Das bedeutet wahrscheinlich, dass das Paket Slapd eine oder mehrere LDAP-Datenbanken nicht automatisch migrieren konnte oder dass ein Backend, dass von der aktuellen OpenLDAP-Installation verwandt wird, nicht mehr unterstützt wird.
 .
 Das für die Ausführung der Aufgaben nach der Installation zuständige Betreuerskript hat sich beendet, aber der Dienst Slapd wurde NICHT (neu)gestartet. Sie müssen das Problem manuell korrigieren und den Dienst dann starten.
 .
 Für weitere Informationen über mögliche problematische Szenarien und wie mit ihnen umgegangen werden kann, schauen Sie bitte in die Datei README.Debian (unter /usr/share/doc/slapd/).
Description-es.UTF-8: Se produjo un error cuando se realizaban tareas posteriores a la instalación
 Se han producido uno o más errores cuando se realizaban algunas tareas posteriores a la instalación. Es probable que el paquete slapd no haya podido migrar automáticamente una o más bases de datos OpenLDAP o que ya no se admita el motor que utiliza la instalación actual de OpenLDAP.
 .
 El guión de mantenimiento que se encarga de ejecutar las tareas posteriores a la instalación se ha cerrado, pero el servicio slapd NO ha sido reiniciado. Tendrá que corregir manualmente el problema y reiniciar el servicio.
 .
 Puede consultar el archivo README.Debian (disponible en «/usr/share/doc/slapd/») si desea obtener más información sobre escenarios problemáticos y cómo resolverlos.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Fout tijdens het uitvoeren van post-installatietaken
 Er zijn een of meer fouten opgetreden tijdens het uitvoeren van een aantal post-installatietaken. Dit betekent waarschijnlijk dat het slapd-pakket één of meerdere LDAP-databases niet automatisch kon migreren, of dat een backend die door de huidige OpenLDAP-installatie wordt gebruikt, niet meer wordt ondersteund.
 .
 Het script van de pakketbeheerder dat verantwoordelijk is voor het uitvoeren van de post-installatietaken is afgesloten, maar de slapd-dienst is NIET (opnieuw) gestart. U moet het probleem handmatig oplossen en vervolgens de dienst starten.
 .
 Voor meer informatie over mogelijke probleemscenario's en hoe deze aan te pakken, kunt u kijken in het bestand README.Debian (onder /usr/share/doc/slapd/).
Description-ro.UTF-8: Eroare în timpul efectuării operațiilor de post-instalare
 A apărut una sau mai multe erori în timpul efectuării unor operații post-instalare. Acest lucru înseamnă probabil că pachetul „slapd” nu a putut migra automat una sau mai multe baze de date LDAP sau că un tip de bază de date (mariadb/mysql, postgresql, etc.) utilizat de instalarea curentă OpenLDAP nu mai este acceptat.
 .
 Scriptul de configurare responsabil pentru executarea operațiilor de post-instalare a ieșit, dar serviciul «slapd» NU a fost (re)pornit. Va trebui să remediați manual problema și apoi să porniți serviciul.
 .
 Pentru mai multe informații despre posibilele scenarii problematice și cum să le soluționați, consultați fișierul „README.Debian” (din dosarul „/usr/share/doc/slapd/”).
Description-tr.UTF-8: Kurulum sonrası görevleri yürütürken hata oluştu
 Kurulum sonrası bazı görevleri yürütürken bir ya da daha fazla hata oluştu. Bunun nedeni slapd paketinin bir ya da daha fazla LDAP veritabanını dönüştürememiş olması veya varolan OpenLDAP kurulumunun kullandığı bir arka ucun artık desteklenmiyor olması olabilir.
 .
 Kurulum sonrası görevleri yerine getirmekten sorumlu bakımcı betikleri tamamlandı, ancak slapd hizmeti yeniden başlatılamadı. Buna neden olan sorunu gidermeli ve sonra hizmeti elle başlatmalısınız.
 .
 Karşınıza çıkabilecek olası sorunlar ve çözümleri hakkında daha fazla bilgi almak için /usr/share/doc/slapd/ dizinideki README.Debian dosyasına bakabilirsiniz.
